nowadays everybody wants a few chickens
hens make really good pets they're very
entertaining to watch and best of all
are the eggs and let me tell you once
you have real eggs from your hands
you'll never go back to store by now I
know not everybody out there has room
for a homestead chicken coop this big
that's why Scott has designed and built
a smaller lightweight chicken coop for
those of you out there that have a
smaller backyard but would still like to
have tasty healthy farm-fresh eggs and
here it is the perfect lightweight PVC
chicken coop I couldn't be happier with
the design of this coat it has just been
fantastic for everything I needed today
right now I have my garden ducks in it
what she's hatching her ducklings that's
how happy they are in this book chicken
coop and I'm sure all the urban
homesteaders out there who want to try a
few chickens for their farm-fresh eggs
would be just as happy with this little
chicken coop this is much sturdier it's
a smaller size so it's easier to drag
around and it's just so practical and it
could it could fit in anybody's backyard
you really don't need much room for this
coat let me explain a little bit about
it as you can see it's shaped like a
tent
it's a triangle and you can buy all the
pieces to build this coop in the
hardware store so all the little
fittings and things to do you can buy in
the hardware store really anybody can
build it you don't need very many skills
to build this cope what's nice about it
is this big
big doors we have on there brings off
and you reach in there and just do
anything it's big believe it or not you
could stuck in there if you needed to to
do things right now I have my ducks in
here my garden ducks because my garden
is growing and they're so happy in here
they just want a little coop it's plenty
of room for them the mama duck is in the
bucket where your chickens would be
laying their eggs and the mama duck is
in there and she's sitting on a nest of
eggs so she's gonna be hatching little
duckies I put this piece of plastic over
the top of it just so they have some
shade and a little protection it works
absolutely perfect the wind doesn't
really blow it off or anything I guess
if you need it too you could tie it down
a bit but I haven't had to because it
doesn't move it just stays right there
and as you can see from this angle
there's plenty of room in there the
chickens don't need too much height they
need mostly the width of it so the
triangle makes it sturdy and it saves
room I just could not be happier with
this coat it is such a wonderful coop
and I think everybody should have a
little chicken coop in the yard for a
few fresh eggs for the family if you
would like to make this simple
lightweight PVC chicken coop for your
backyard hens so your family can have
tasty healthy farm-fresh eggs every day
we have made a how-to video that shows
you how to build this cool
that by staff with simple instructions
it's on sale now at Becky's homestead